
### can run "npm install" to install a new dependency ( webpack  )
make sure to add save dev --dev(dash dash dev ) to
indicate that this is a development only dependency,
So we won't need it for production.

> webpacks simply will be used during development.


<hr>
<hr>

npm WARN
## install Usage of the `--dev` option is deprecated. Use `--only=dev` instead.



<hr>
<hr>



### 在 package.json 中 ，check webpack.



> "build": "webpack src/js/app.js dist/bundle.js"

### src/js/app.js

Then the most basic form of using ,
then define the entry point ,which could be our source JavaScript folder , so here we could simply enter source JavaScript
and then <u>app.js</u>


This is a little webpack ,
this is the father you should start your journey .


Then you also define the output file .
Let's say once .
#### you create a new folder dist for distribution
and there we want to create a bundle.js file .
This is our script defined.

With that script defined , we have to adjust our app.js code
because webpack will start its journey here

<hr>
<hr>

We have to basically give webpack a clue about
what this File app.js file depends on,
and that's how webpack will then work in each file you tell it
Hey , which dependecies does this file have
and webpack works its way up ,
starting at the file you specify as a starting point ( app.js in this case ),
and then working its way through all the imports this file has ,
and  the imports of the imports .........
(引用的 引用，
一个依赖， 又有着 很多其他依赖)


## to finally know which file do you use , which ferature
of these files do you use
and then it will merge all that code into one bundle well .




<hr>
<hr>


> import {secretParagraph, secretButton } from './dom-loader';

## 欲 在 app.js 中 import ,

we also now have to specify what you want to import from this file ,

we have to tell whether what that is

You will be able to import something from this file , we have to go to the file first ,

and export something there .


So simply place export in front of the variable the function whatever it is,

You want to make available outside of this file now  .


> export var secretButton = document.querySelector('#secret-button');
> export var secretParagraph = document.querySelector('#secret-paragraph');


首先 在 dom-loader.js 中 export.



export 的 内容 ， 必须是 ES5 语法。


But you still will run your code as ES5,
and you can not use other ES6 features .
It is only that import and export syntax.
which is detected by webpack and then be used correctly .

So don't think that you can write ES6 code .


除非 加 新包 package

